fix(components): `post-side-navigation` toggle state sync (#8075)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/cuddly-cobras-unite.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-components': patch
---

> Fixed the `post-side-navigation` toggle state sync when resizing between tablet and desktop breakpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the `post-side-navigation-trigger` state became out of sync when resizing between tablet and desktop breakpoints.
```
